Update flutter_reactive_widget -> flutter_reactive_value (#8867)
flutter/website: src/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/options.md

[solidart package]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/solidart
[flutter_solidart package]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/flutter_solidart

## flutter_reactive_value

> `flutter_reactive_value` is probably the simplest possible solution for state
> management in Flutter, and may be a good starting point for newcomers
> to Flutter who need a simple way to add reactivity to their UI, without
> the complexity of the mechanisms described above.
> `flutter_reactive_value` defines the `reactiveValue(BuildContext)`
> extension method on `ValueNotifier`, which allows a `Widget` to
> fetch the current value of the `ValueNotifier`, while also
> subscribing the `Widget` to changes in the value of the `ValueNotifier`,
> so that the `Widget` is rebuilt automatically if the value
> of the `ValueNotifier` changes.

Reviewer: **issues:**
- Don't write code components as grammatical elements per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/code-in-text#grammatical-treatment-of-code-elements).
- Write in active voice per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/voice).
- Write as shorter sentences per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/accessibility#ease-of-reading).
- Avoid "simple" as it might discourage readers who don't find the topic simple.
- Remove adverbs that equivocate or fail to improve understanding. (For example, "automatically" for a code component. A code component can't do anything manually, only the developer can.)

```suggestion
The `flutter_reactive_value` library might offer the least complex solution for state
management in Flutter. It might help Flutter newcomers add reactivity to their UI,
without the complexity of the mechanisms described before.
The `flutter_reactive_value` library defines the `reactiveValue(BuildContext)`
extension method on `ValueNotifier`. This extension allows a `Widget` to
fetch the current value of the `ValueNotifier` and 
subscribe the `Widget` to changes in the value of the `ValueNotifier`.
If the value of the `ValueNotifier` changes, `Widget` rebuilds.
```
